[Reigen] We're getting close
to Mount Mud Boat.
By the way, uh, why are we here again?
[Mob] Oh, uh…
[Inukawa] There have been a lot
of UFO sightings in this area
over the years, and apparently,
they always happen around the same time,
on New Year's Eve.
[Kijibayashi] Evidently,
it's a phenomenon that occurs
every seven years,
and as luck would have it,
the last reported sighting
was seven years ago.
According to that article, anyway.
Thank you for the remarkably convenient
deluge of information.
-[curious music playing]
-[Mob groaning]
Hey, be strong, Mob.
Don't start puking
when we're almost there.
[Saruta] This road sure is something.
[Reigen] There's supposed
to be a hiking trail near here.
What's wrong?
It's just, I'm pretty sure
we passed the sign
for the hiking trail a while ago.
-[Mob] Thank you.
-Are you serious?
Why didn't you say something earlier?
[Kijibayashi] I figured
he wanted to get as far as he could
in the car before proceeding on foot.
LICENSED DRIVER WITH LITTLE EXPERIENCE:
10 YEARS
-[Tome groans]
-[Takenaka] Well, I guess
we're just gonna have to put it
in reverse until we get
to a spot where there's enough room
to make a U-turn.
[yawns] It's only 1:30,
we should be fine to take our time.
[Tome] This, coming from the guy
who showed up
an hour late this morning.
-[Takenaka yawns]
-Okay, let's not fly off the handle.
The UFO won't come
if we put off negative vibes.
Huh? You making fun of me?
I can't believe I actually canceled
my New Year's Eve plans for this.
[Inukawa] The hell'd you just say?
You were being all pouty,
so we were trying to be nice!
And this is the thanks we get?
The hell's with that attitude?
Well, anyway…
-[breathes deeply]
Yeah. Let me go ahead
and start backing this thing up.
-[groans]
-Uh, no! Mob!
-No! Don't you do it!
-[car crashes]
[birds fluttering]
["1" playing]
[song concludes]
TRANSMISSION 2
~ENCOUNTERING THE UNKNOWN~
[birds chirping]
-[Saruta] How you doing?
-[groans]
-Hmm.
-[Inukawa] Hey, there's reception here.
-[Kijibayashi] Yeah, sure enough.
-Right. Best bet is to start walking
in the direction of the hiking trail.
I can come back and figure out
what to do about the car later.
[Takenaka] Why head back?
Can't we just keep moving forward?
[Reigen] Not a chance.
Amateurs shouldn't walk the game trails
of mountains they don't know.
What am I supposed to do
if something happens to one of you kids?
[Saruta] Yeah, uh. I'll be back
in a second, I gotta go take a leak.
-[groans]
-[Mob groans]
[Reigen] Uh, Mob, you go, too.
Doesn't look like
they're coming back, huh?
You don't suppose
they decided to go number two?
Maybe they're lost.
I'll go see if I can find 'em.
Hold up.
It's dangerous to go alone. Come on, now.
-So, that way?
-No, that way.
[curious music playing]
[Kijibayashi] Huh?
[Saruta gasps]
[Mob] Which way did we come from?
[Saruta] I'm not seeing any sign
of the path whatsoever.
[Tome] And now,
I'm getting no reception at all.
If it gets dark,
we're gonna be in big trouble.
Maybe we should head back down now.
[Reigen] That reminds me
of something I've heard.
That when you're lost in the mountains,
the safest thing to do is climb farther up
rather than trying to go back down.
If we can get to a better vantage point,
-the route should reveal itself.
-[music concludes]
[Inukawa] Okay, then.
[Reigen] In hindsight,
I definitely should've made
my markers stand out more.
[Saruta] He may be an amateur,
but he speaks so confidently.
[Inukawa] Aw, man!
I accidentally left
the book in the car.
-[Kijibayashi] Uh, you what?
-[Saruta] The one with the spell
for the UFO summoning ritual in it?
Oh, great.
[Tome chuckling] Don't worry about it.
[all panting]
[pants, gasps]
There! It's the trail!
You guys, if we keep going,
I think we might actually make it!
-[Tome] Huh?
-What?
[Tome] I thought we were heading back.
[sighs] Look, we've already come this far,
so let's follow through with it
and summon that UFO!
Huh? As if we could!
This day's been one disaster
after another.
Before you take their heads off, Kurata,
you might wanna
give some thought to who it was
Inukawa and Saruta
put all this together for.
Huh? What'd you say? [scoffs]
Are you seriously trying to lay
a guilt trip on me right now?
The whole reason I decided
to disband the Telepathy Club
is because you guys
would never do anything!
When you all invited me here,
I kept going back and forth
on whether I should go.
This is what I was afraid of.
I only let myself get talked into it
because you told me
you'd gotten a telepath involved.
But in the end,
that turned out to be just another insult.
Over and over, my earnest hopes
keep getting trampled on.
You have no idea what that feels like!
[sobs] Who do you think you are?
-Who do you think you are?
-[birds fluttering]
[Reigen] This isn't exactly
the time or place for an argument.
-Why don't we keep walking?
-[Tome] No. I'm leaving.
I'm going home! I'm totally exhausted!
I don't want to climb anymore!
I'll head back alone.
You all keep on going without me.
[sobbing]
Tome, what do you say
you and I walk together?
[sobs] Hmm?
[scoffs] I'm capable of walking
all by myself, thank you very much.
[chuckles] All right, let's go.
[soft music playing]
[eagle screeches]
[groans] We sure are high up, huh?
Can't believe it's already 4:19.
We don't have much time left
until the sun sets.
[Inukawa] All right.
According to our research,
we can expect the UFO
to make its appearance
around five o'clock.
Let's get ready to summon it.
We're going forward?
Even though the book's still in the car?
Hey, you know, you used to have your nose
in that book all the time.
To be honest, I'm kinda surprised
you don't have that alien-summoning spell
committed to memory.
There's no way
I'd have something like that memorized,
but I think maybe climbing
to the top of this mountain together
is good enough.
That's something
we can look back on fondly.
-Let's just enjoy the view.
-[music concludes]
[Tome] Takenaka. What are you doing?
[Takenaka clearing throat]
Doofa stootoo ayaabagayari.
Prooha komo hipakaeeh.
After forming
a figure-eight with the rocks
and setting a foot in each circle,
you close your eyes and chant,
facing towards the southwest.
-Hands should look like this.
-[soft music playing]
[Takenaka] You remember, right, President?
[Tome] Huh?
[Takenaka] I ended up
doing some pretty intense research.
I was so immersed,
morning arrived before I knew it.
No way. If that's the case,
why'd you tell us you were late
because you overslept?
I was way too embarrassed
to tell you the truth.
I didn't want to mess this up, you know?
So, I did everything in my power
to make sure I wouldn't.
You were really taking
it that seriously?
That's right, I did, 'cause it was obvious
from the very beginning
how important it was to these guys.
So, could you start having
a little faith in everyone?
But I…
[Takenaka] "I'm still afraid
things could end up going wrong."
"It's probably safer to let this remain
an unrealized fantasy."
[gasps]
[Takenaka] "Maybe the important part here
is just to have fun."
"If our time together
was nothing but a joke,
then at the very least,
I want to be in on it, too."
"Forcing my delusions on everyone
almost got them lost in the mountains."
"I don't want to face reality
any more than this."
-That's what I'm getting.
-No way!
Listen, you haven't been forcing
anything on us at all, you hear me?
Yeah! We're doing this because we want to!
[Kijibayashi] One last hurrah
for the Telepathy Club.
Is all that true?
Then… then you could've shared it
with me earlier, you know?
[all] Still hiding her feelings.
[Tome] Now that we're all
on the same page, let's do this!
Everybody start lining up those rocks!
[all] Doofa stootoo ayaabagayari.
Prooha komo hipakaeeh.
-Doofa stootoo ayaabagayari. Prooha…
-[Mob] Master?
You told us you were up
all last night conducting research.
Are you certain
you didn't discover anything else
that you'd like to share with the group?
[Inukawa] Huh?
Is your master a telepath, too?
Actually,
I can't count that among my powers,
but I can tell what people think
from the changes in their aura.
[gasps] In other words, he's a total phony
who just happens
to have a knack for reading people.
Well then, how about it, Takenaka?
-You holding out on us or what?
-[soft music playing]
[Takenaka] The author
of that book on the occult
-was arrested two years ago for fraud.
-[gasps]
[Takenaka] All that so-called "research"
is completely and utterly baseless.
The ritual we're attempting is a sham.
[Inukawa] It can't be.
[Saruta] So, you're saying
this is pointless?
[Kijibayashi] What the hell?
[Takenaka] I-- I'm sorry,
I didn't tell you before.
I thought having the Telepathy Club
work together
was a worthwhile goal in itself.
And you weren't wrong.
It's never a bad thing
to do your best, right?
All of you gathered information
and took decisive action.
You should be proud of yourselves.
I'm sure that in time,
you're gonna look back
on what happened here
as a treasured memory of your youth.
It'll always remain
an important experience…
-[gasps]
-…for each and every one of you.
Something to hold in your hearts forever.
-[gasps]
-[Tome] Huh. You're right.
-We did give it our all, huh?
-[Inukawa] Uh. Yeah.
[Kijibayashi]
We worked hard, no denying that.
[Saruta] I guess.
[Reigen] Now,
it's getting pretty dark out.
Let's head back.
What about the UFO sightings?
Did those turn out to be fake, too?
No, apparently all those really happened.
Interesting.
Well, then,
why shouldn't we keep on trying?
Let's send out a message.
I'm still willing to give my all,
as long as you're with me.
-Oh, Mob. [gasps]
-[Takenaka] So? Shall we, President?
-[Kijibayashi] Come on.
-[Saruta] Yeah.
[Inukawa] Let's go for it.
Thanks, you guys.
This means a lot. [chuckles]
[soft music continues]
-[Mob pants]
-[Reigen] Try not to move.
[Tome] Did you overdo it?
[Mob] I-- I'll be okay.
But this sucks. It didn't work.
-[pants]
-[groans]
[groans]
Come on.
What's with the long faces, everybody?
-Huh?
-[Inukawa] 'Cause, you know…
Considering we live in a world
where psychics and telepaths exist,
I'm sure we'll be able
to communicate with aliens eventually!
Just look up at the sky!
Isn't it incredible how many stars
there are out there? [gasps]
-There's no reason to hurry.
-[music concludes]
For the time being,
having fun with all of you
is enough for me.
Uh--
[all scream]
LINE UP THE ROCKS
AND DOOFA STOOTOO AYAABAGAYARI!!
AN UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
ACTUALLY EXISTED!
-[Reigen] Is this for real?
-[Takenaka] The UFO showed up?
Whoa.
What am I supposed to do?
Someone tell me what to do!
[Inukawa] Uh, you're the one
who wanted to talk to aliens.
So, start talking!
Well, isn't that easy
for you to say? [gasps]
[Kijibayashi] Something's coming!
Look out!
-[Inukawa] Behind you!
-[Saruta] President, look!
That was quick! Uh. Hey!
Do we have something
I could catch 'em in, like a net?
[Inukawa] What would you even do
after you caught them?
And besides,
what if you end up making them angry?
[mystical music playing]
So, this is what aliens
actually look like, huh?
[Tome] Slender limbs.
Giant, developed heads. Super-smooth skin.
And those humongous, sparkly eyes.
Yep, they're the real deal,
no doubt about it.
[Reigen] They certainly do have
an otherworldly quality about them.
Will we be able to communicate?
[Mob] Wow. Their eyes are so pretty.
They seem friendly.
[Inukawa] That one looks like
it wants to shake hands.
Huh? What? With me?
Oh, well,
I can't believe I have the honor
of being the one to greet you
on behalf of Earthlings everywhere!
[Reigen] Wait! Is that safe?
I mean, think about the germs
they might be carrying.
-[whimpers]
-[Mob] Master.
[Tome gasps]
[Reigen hesitates] Uh…
I'm so happy for you, President.
-[breathes deeply]
-[sobs]
They're inviting all of us
to come aboard their spacecraft.
-[Saruta] They are?
-[Inukawa] That's awesome!
Let's go, everyone!
Are we sure it's okay to get on?
Really sure?
I'm going, too.
[Reigen] Uh. [groans]
If you can't beat 'em, join 'em, I guess.
[sighs]
[all gasp, exclaim]
[whimpers]
[gasps]
[Tome] I feel like
I'm back in our club room.
[aliens chirp]
[Inukawa] You guys,
these aliens are super-friendly.
[Kijibayashi] I was afraid
they were gonna be kinda scary,
-for some reason.
-[gasps]
[Inukawa] President.
Haven't you always dreamed
of talking to extraterrestrial lifeforms?
Right now,
with Takenaka as your interpreter,
you can ask them anything!
-[Takenaka] Yeah. That should be doable.
-[gasps]
Right! Let's see.
I, um-- You…
[laughs]
So, actually, I got nothing.
Oh, I know.
How about we all play some games?
I always take this thing
with me wherever I go.
[chuckles]
Yeah, great!
But first,
you should show 'em how it works!
[soft music playing]
[inaudible chatter]
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
The new year has finally arrived.
Here I am on an alien ship,
and all I can think about is the new year
and the late fees
accruing on the rental car.
Those kids might have the right idea.
[laughs]
Whoa. It's almost morning.
We better be heading home soon.
Yeah, you're right.
I already told my parents
I was spending the night
at a friend's house
so they wouldn't worry.
And hey, we're friends now,
so I guess it ended up being true!
[alien squeals]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[aliens squeal]
Is that a gift, maybe?
Pretty.
They want us to take it with us
as a token of their friendship.
They're all staring at us.
I wonder if the idea
is that we're supposed
to give them something in return?
Huh. Oh! In that case,
why don't you take my scarf
as something to remember me by?
[aliens squeal]
Let's see, uh, how would you
like to keep this notebook?
You can have my watch!
It's pretty cheap, though.
Uh, I'll leave behind some gum.
Take this video game console!
Uh, I've got nothing to give.
I wonder if a brief demonstration
of my psychic powers would do.
[aliens squeal]
-[Tome] They seem pretty happy with that.
-[Mob] Ah. I'm glad.
Uh. Is there a reason
you're stripping, Reigen?
I was in a hurry this morning,
so I still had my pajamas on.
This is for you.
-[alien squeals]
-[Takenaka] They're very grateful.
[Tome] So, they'll just take anything.
-[alien squeals]
-[Tome chuckles]
Thank you so much for visiting us.
All right, we'll be going now.
Hope we can see you again!
[aliens squeal]
[Reigen blows raspberry]
First sunrise of the year.
[Tome] I'll never forget
how much this day meant to me.
I'm sure they feel the same.
I know it.
Hey, wait.
-Where's Inukawa?
-[aliens squeal]
[intriguing music playing]
[Inukawa] New Year's Eve.
I've been taken away by a UFO.
At first, it seemed the solution
to my problem was clear.
I had to convince them
to take me back to Earth.
But no. These are aliens.
I can't communicate with them.
This is going to be a long,
drawn-out battle.
For now, I think I'll keep writing down
my progress in this notebook.
[aliens cheering]
[Inukawa] On the second day,
the aliens threw me a welcome party,
or at least, something along those lines.
I didn't recognize
anything in front of me,
so I picked
something at random and ate it.
My memories
of what came after are foggy,
but I do have a vague recollection
of something insane happening.
When I came to,
I had no idea where I was,
and my head was absolutely killing me.
That day,
I realized just how much difference
a little bit of gaming time
could make in my life.
But what I really wanted
was to go home.
The inhabitants of this planet
have a natural enemy.
A savage monster
that hounds them endlessly
and devours their crops.
They'd never thought
to use weapons against it,
despite being such an advanced race
or indeed, perhaps because of it.
[monster growls]
[Inukawa]
So, I took care of that pest for them.
It turned out to be about the size
of my dog back home.
After I slew their monster,
they started treating me like a hero…
and then it began to seem
like life on this planet
might not be so bad after all.
As to how much time has passed,
at this point, I have no idea.
Everyone!
I need to tell you something!
[narrator] Having been pushed
to the limit by his loneliness,
Inukawa reached the aliens
with his mind,
and informed them of his desire
to return home to Earth at last.
[chuckles]
[music concludes]
[narrator] If you have something
important you want to say,
simply look them in the eyes,
and you'll be able to get through to them.
This is what Inukawa realized,
but by the time he got back to Earth,
most of his memories
had become too fuzzy and vague.
He could no longer remember them.
[soft music playing]
[Mob] Huh? You're joking, right?
[gasps] It's true?
Tsubomi is transferring?
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 III,
-episode nine, "Mob One Moving."
-[music concludes]